chore: Updated release date for Node 16, and removed unused `@newrelic/next` (#18216)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/hosting-services/nodejs-agent-microsoft-azure.mdx

```

<Callout variant="important">

>   For a Next.js app load our agent via `NODE_OPTIONS`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For a Next.js app, load our agent via `NODE_OPTIONS`, such as:
```
